CS Cheat sheet

ALT G: Greetings!

ALT 1: May we know why you need to return the item to us, please?

ALT 1: Could you give me the order number regarding this concern?

ALT 1: Thank you for detailing me about your concern. A moment to check.

ALT 1: Could you give me the order number regarding the purchase of SHEIN Saver/SHEIN Club membership, please?

ALT 1: Could you tell me the SKU/SKC of the item so I can check it for you?

ALT 2: Regarding your concern, I can inform you that you need to wait until your order is delivered to you and you confirm it without any issue like cancel the purchase, return or refund the order before we pushing the credit back/dog food/ to your account.

ALT 2: One moment to proceed that for you.

ALT 2: A moment to check please.

ALT 2: Thank you for waiting.

ALT 2: Thank you for your patience.

ALT 2: Okay, a moment to proceed your refund.

ALT 3: Do you find my information understandable and clear to you?

ALT 3: You're welcome. Is there any other concern I can help you with?

ALT 3: Sure, thanks. I'm glad I can help you with the issue.

ALT 3: Do you have any other concern I can assist you with?

ALT 3: Of course.

ALT 3: I'm happy to serve you.

ALT 3: I'm glad I can assist you today.

ALT H: Please wait a moment while I'm checking your order.

ALT H: Hold on a minute while I'm resolve this issue for you.

ALT H: I still need time to resolve this issue.

ALT H: Thank you for waiting, but I need more time regarding this concern.

ALT H: Since this issue is rare to us. I need more time to resolve the issue you're reporting.

ALT R: As per information you provided to us, unfortunately we cannot find any fault in the item you received, we will process for normal return. Please give me some time to process the return application for you.

ALT R: Okay. Since you can't provide us with the measurement of the item that you received, we will lead you to normal return. Allow me a moment to do it for you.

ALT R: For returning the item to us, you can choose the logistic courier on your behalf: 1. Royal Mail 2. EVRI 3. Inpost

ALT R: Thank you. I can inform you that you will get your refund after we received your parcel and our warehouse team confirm the parcel.

ALT R: I can inform you, that your replacement item will be send to you after we receive your return parcel and our warehouse team done review the item.

ALT R: Thank you for patiently wait. Your replacement item is now on processing and your estimated time of arrival of the parcel is by...

Sieghart Template T2

aditya.pradanariswana@concentrix.com
Solokotabatik!2025
Solokotabatik@2024

Meeting ID: 256 721 175 255
Password: FL2oA7RH

Meeting ID: 220 428 596 723
Passcode: o2DY2kB6

nurul.hidayati
Jombangberiman*16,787711

amarizky.juansita	
Banyumasraya2024&,694464

mohsyamsul.arifin2
ComeBackHome2NE1*,661870

jatitheresia.moranca
Solocenterpoint@2024,804427

endro.walmujendro
Surakarta@2025_,

anggriawanard.wijaya
Solokotabatik!2025,155188

oktavianrosy.aryanto
Tegal#Bahari2025,366043

satya.astuti
Solosolomanis@2024,

ramadhan.p
Solokotabatik@2024,851586

fery.josepratama
Solokotabatik@2024,

elma.fadjriyana
Solokotabatik@2025$,

diky.setiawan
Solokotabatik*2024,

adirahmat.basuki
Solokotabatik!2025,702041

abyorhuda.iswara
Solokotabatik2025@,085939

yasar.habib
Abiabiabi@030299,105244

Probing item sequence

Could you please tell us which item it is based on the sequence that you wants to return (ABC...) displayed in the screenshot below? This will help us assist you better.

We are delighted to inform you that we have assisted in submitting a refund application for you.

Here's the refund details:

Refund amount: GBP 9.76 to your original payment method & GBP 0.02 as Points 
Refund time frame: 5-10 Business Days

Usually, our company will complete the refund within 24H, but the time limit for you to finally receive the refund depends on the processing efficiency of the channel and bank. Please be patient.


---------------

I can inform you that some of your items are non-returnable, but as for now we can assist you to do the return. Please wait for the process, please.

Assist on return

We will provide a free return label for a refund or exchange for a new one. If you wish to proceed, please choose a return courier.

1. Inpost 
2. Hermes or EVRI
3. Royalmail

Rest assured that SHEIN will continue to pay attention and improve the quality of its products. We are hoping for your kind understanding.

------------
Refund 100%

We truly understand your concern and we deeply apologize for the bad experience you were having regarding this matter, we are sorry but after we have reported this with our relevant team, we can offer you a 100% refund but you don't need to return the item to us.

-------------

Quality Issue Compensation Plan A

We would like to inform you that we will try our best to help you with this issue. 

To find a suitable resolution, we offer two options for you:

1. A 50% refund of your item price amount, you do not have to return the item to us.
2. A free return label to send the product back for a full refund.

Please confirm your preferred option 1 or 2 at your convenience.

------------

Quality issue Refund only

Thank you very much for your confirmation. 

We are glad to inform you that we have assisted in submitting a refund application. The refund request is processing now, and you will receive a refund email, which can be viewed with detailed refund information. 

Truly, as a behalf of our team, we are terribly sorry for what you have been through.

------------

Return Success

Thank you for confirming. We are delighted that we have assist you on submitting the return application.

Need to make a change to your return? Remember to update your return information here to avoid issues processing your refund.

Thank you for confirming. Dear customer, the product you want to return is a "non-returnable" product according to our website return policy. According to the regulation, the product does not support return.

However, since you are a loyal customer of our website, we can make an exception for your return request this time. We have submitted a return application for you, and you can use the return label to return the product.


No worries, a copy of the label and QR will be sent to your e-mail within 24 hours 😊

Please note that the refund will be processed within 14 days after we receive the package.

-------

We truly understand your concern and we deeply apologize for the bad experience you were having regarding this matter, we are sorry but after we have reported this with our relevant team, we can offer you a 100% refund but you don't need to return the item to us.

If you want a full refund according to the item price amount, please kindly return the item to us 🙏

Quality Issue Compensation Plan B

We would like to inform you that we will try our best to help you with this issue. 

To find a suitable resolution, we offer you a 100% refund of your item price amount, you do not have to return the item to us.

Do you want to proceed with this?

Quality Issue Compensation Plan C

We would like to inform you that we will try our best to help you with this issue. 

To find a suitable resolution, we offer you a free return label to send the product back for a full refund.

Do you want to proceed with this?

------------

Quality issue Reject

Regarding your concern, we are sorry but since you have confirmed that the item has been washed, we deeply regret to inform you that we cannot proceed further regarding this issue at the moment. 🙏

We understand your concern and we deeply apologize regarding the experience you were having for this issue, but to be able to proceed further, items must be in new, unworn, unwashed, undamaged, and unaltered condition and have the original tags attached and the hygiene sticker (if applicable) intact. Since you do not meet this requirements, we cannot proceed further regarding this case.

Quality issue cannot be Verified

Dear customer, thank you for your attention to the quality of our products and for reporting your issue. We take your feedback very seriously, but please understand, when processing such issues, we need detailed information or clear proof to verify the issue and provide the best solution.

Unfortunately, based on the information you have provided so far, we have not been able to locate the issue you've reported. We are unable to proceed at this time.

We are committed to ensuring customer satisfaction and providing the best service quality for you. If you can provide other effective materials, please feel free to contact us at any time. 🙏

But rest assured that we still have another option and we can help to return the item for a refund for you, do you want to proceed?

------------------

Missing item Refund Success


If you have any questions, you can consult us or contact the bank.
Thank you for shopping at SHEIN!

Wrong item Probing Proof

For the wrong item that you received wrong could you also please provide the proof of the outer packaging and label of the tray that contains the SKU number?

Do you still have the bubble wrap envelope or the box with you?

Please kindly provide the picture of the envelope and box so we can help you check further regarding this tray is issue for you 🙏

Thank you but could you please zooming in to catch the picture so we can see the label information clearly? Because right now we cannot see the label information clearly yet

Return Refund Success

Thank you for confirming, since you have returned the item but you still not received the refund, we have assisted in submitting a refund application, and the refund request is being processed.

After the refund is completed, you will receive a refund email, and you can view the detailed refund arrangement information in the email. Thank you for your understanding.

Thank you for confirming. Since you have returned the item but you still not received the refund, we are delighted to inform you that we have assisted in submitting a refund application for your missing item.

Here's the refund details:

Refund path: Original payment account
Total refund amount: GBP 77.50
Refund time frame:4-6Business Days

Usually, our company will complete the refund within 24H, but the time limit for you to finally receive the refund depends on the processing efficiency of the channel and bank. Please be patient.

If you have any questions, you can consult us or contact the bank.
Thank you for shopping at SHEIN!

-----------------

Shein Saver Used

After checking we can still cancel this one. However the refund will be adjusted from the benefits used from the SHEIN saver coupon used to the order deducting 16.35GBP from the coupon saver73 which made the refund will be 0GBP. Do you still want to proceed?

We also want to inform you that originally the order GSOxxx the price amount is GBP XX, but by using the SHEIN saver membership, the order amount got deducted and you only need to pay GBP XX instead for it  🙏

-------------

Today is your lucky day

Today is your lucky day!

You are picked by SHEIN as we will provide you with a priority refund for this item directly, you can keep the item as a free gift from us.

We will operate the refund within 24 hours, and the refund will be issued to your original payment account (depending on your card issuer) per your request. Refund Amount: GBP 3.25

Since you don't need to return this item, there will be no return label for you. Just waiting for your refund is fine!

Note: Please do not cancel this return, otherwise, the refund will be canceled. Every customer can only enjoy it once, this is randomly selected by our system and is not applicable to all.

Wish you a better experience in SHEIN next time.

----------

My Assets

You check the points compensation on your app - click on profile - click on my assets

--------------

Offset

Hello,

For points obtained by confirming receipt or product reviews, if a refund occurs subsequently, the points will be recalculated and the corresponding points will be deducted. If your current points balance is not enough to offset the deducted points, your points balance will be displayed as a negative number. This may come as a surprise, but don't worry.

The newly acquired points will also be used to balance this deficit first. When the deficit is completely offset, you will be able to freely use your points for shopping.

After verification, the points obtained for your old order (Order No.: XXXX) by (confirmation of receipt, product evaluation) have been used to pay for the new order (Order No.: XXXX), and then the old order (Order No.: XXXX) was refunded, which caused your points balance to show a negative number. I hope my explanation is helpful with a clear understanding of the points rules, and thank you for your support and understanding. I wish you a happy life!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regarding your concern about this matter, we see that you have placed an order with order number USO1M659U0000001EBX, and since this order needed 600 points for deducting the price amount, but since your points before is not enough for paying this order,

Therefore your points becomes minus and since your points has become minus, when you were getting a new points of 500 points, it is used to deduct the minus points, therefore you cannot see it at this time, since it has been used to make your points not a minus points any longer 🙏 

I hope my explanation is helpful with a clear understanding of the points rules, and thank you for your support and understanding

----------------

Credit Box (160564)

Dear customer, regarding your concern about this matter. We would like to inform you that the refund amount shows on that only an estimated refund amount and not the final amount results. You can return to us first and if there is any inconsistency on the refund amount, you can contact us again for further information

Regarding your concern, this matter has occurs because you have joined the CreditBox promotion in the previous orders, since you have got some creditback from the last orders, but now since the order got cancelled, the creditback that you have got before would be claimed back to us, and the creditback will be claimed from the amount of this return, that is why the amount shows different

----------------------------------------------------

Hello, regarding the refund and fee deduction issue you are concerned about, after verification: Since your order participated in the order cashback activity, if the goods are returned or refunded, the cashback reward in the order will be recalculated. We will combine the cashback balance and the unused wallet promotion balance to convert and withdraw it.

---------------------

Free Gift Game

Have you make sure that you have followed all the rules that I have informed above?

Have you make sure that all your friends were doing in each round of the game during the time limit?

Have you make sure that the friends that you have invited is within the 5-10 old users rules?

----------------------------------------

Dear customer, regarding your concern about  that the assistance failed, it may have caused due to these reasons:

Reason 1 : Your  friend has assisted other user before so that cannot assist you again
Reason 2 : Your  friend might not be a new user

------------------------------------------------------------------

CX inform that people have been unable to click on their link without it coming up with an assistance failed message
Reason 1 : The friend has assisted others before so that cannot assist this CX again
Reason 2 : the friend might not be a new CX

--------------------------------------------------

Dear customer, regarding your concern about  that the assistance failed, it may be caused due to these reasons:
Reason 1 : Your  friend has assisted other user before so that cannot assist you again
Reason 2 : Your  friend might not be a new user

Game Abnormal 3rd Party App detected

I understand how frustrating this must be for you! 😊

However, our system detected abnormal activity, which led to the game being terminated. To ensure fairness, we have strict rules in place, and unfortunately, we’re unable to override them.

I recommend updating your SHEIN app to the latest version and ensuring that your account follows all guidelines for future participation. If you have any concerns or need further clarification, I’m happy to assist!

Check offer

If you want to get our latest promotional offers, you can check on your app -> click on 'me' -> coupon and you can check currently available coupon that you can use 🙏

Handling Fee not Refunded

We would like to inform you that for orders exceeding £160, handling fees (for custom duty and warehouse and custom clearance processing fee), which depends on the total order value, will be applied and we deeply regret to inform you that handling fee are non-refundable 🙏

Official email

But if you are receiving an offer, please make sure that the email if official email from us and please beware of scams, since usually our official email is having the official tick logo and one of our official email is shein@edm.my.sheinemail.com

Client Entanglement >= 30 mins

Dear Customer,

We are very sorry for the inconvenience caused to you. We understand your concerns and needs very well, but based on the current situation, we have done our best to provide you with the support and solutions you need. Unfortunately, we are unable to continue to provide you with better measures to meet your needs at this stage.

We attach great importance to your feedback. Please rest assured that we have recorded your situation and will arrange for relevant customer service personnel to contact you as soon as possible within 24 hours. Please pay attention to the message of your current email XXXXXXX. We will do our best to assist you and strive to provide a suitable solution. Thank you for your tolerance and understanding.


We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you and thank you again for your understanding and patience.

If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact us.

--------------------------------------------------

Dear Customer,

We are very sorry for the inconvenience caused to you. We understand your concerns and needs very well, but based on the current situation, we have done our best to provide you with the support and solutions you need. Unfortunately, we are unable to continue to provide you with better measures to meet your needs at this stage.

We attach great importance to your feedback. Please rest assured that we have recorded your situation and will arrange for relevant customer service personnel to contact you as soon as possible within 24 hours. Please pay attention to the message of your current email lisathomas18@gmx.com. We will do our best to assist you and strive to provide a suitable solution. Thank you for your tolerance and understanding.


We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you and thank you again for your understanding and patience.

If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact us.

ENTANGLEMENT

Dear Customer,
We are very sorry for the inconvenience caused to you. We understand your concerns and needs very well, but based on the current situation, we have done our best to provide you with the support and solutions you need. Unfortunately, we are unable to continue to provide you with better measures to meet your needs at this stage.

We attach great importance to your feedback. Please rest assured that we have recorded your situation and will arrange for relevant customer service personnel to contact you as soon as possible within 24 hours. Please pay attention to the message of your current email fiy1@icloud.com. We will do our best to assist you and strive to provide a suitable solution. Thank you for your tolerance and understanding.

----------------------------------------------------

After verification with the refund department, SHEIN has successfully initiated a refund for your order, and the refund amount is GBP 38.6 for item C.

Below is the proof that we have refunded to the platform/issuing bank for your reference.

Under normal circumstances, the refund time frame of this channel is 1-2 working days, but due to the complexity of cross-border transaction refund processing, the refund time frame for individual orders may be longer. The time you finally receive the refund depends on the processing efficiency of the platform and the issuing bank. Please wait patiently. If you have not received the refund after the expected refund time, you can contact the platform/issuing bank to inquire about the specific reasons.

Dear customer, thank you for your attention to the quality of our products and for reporting your issue. We take your feedback very seriously, but please understand, when processing such issues, we need detailed information or clear proof to verify the issue and provide the best solution.

Unfortunately, based on the information you have provided so far, we have not been able to locate the issue you've reported. We are unable to proceed at this time.

We are committed to ensuring customer satisfaction and providing the best service quality. If you can provide other effective materials, please feel free to contact us at any time.

----
Price higher


The problem you reported may be caused by the following two reasons: 

a. Your coupon has an upper discount limit. If the item in the shopping cart is not chosen, it does not exceed the discount upper limit; after the item and other items are chosen, the total amount exceeds the discount upper limit, the discount allocated to each item becomes smaller, and the corresponding amount becomes higher.

Please refer to the coupon below with a discount upper limit of GBP 10. When the total amount of items in the shopping cart is GBP 20, the discount amount = GBP 10. 

When the amount of items exceeds GBP 20 like GBP 50 or higher, the discount amount will not increase and will always be GBP 10. 

In this case, the more items checked in the shopping cart, the less discount each item will receive. 

b. If you have multiple coupons in your account, the price displayed when the item is not chosen is the price of the single item after using the best coupon. When you choose multiple items, the system will re-recommend the best coupon based on the total amount of the chosen items, so the amount of a single item will change.

Based on these two situations, it is recommended that you check the discount details of specific items in the shopping cart to verify the reasons for the price change.

----

We apologize for any inconvenience caused. Upon checking your order, we found that you used a coupon on this order. After returning the item, the order amount no longer meets the original coupon threshold, so we need to deduct GBP 11.68 back. Unfortunately, we are unable to compensate for this deducted amount, and we hope for your understanding.

The minimum value for using SHEIN coupons is based on the actual order value. The actual order value is your original order amount minus the refund amount (i.e., the original amount of the refunded item). The refund amount you receive will follow the policy below: (For more details, please refer to the official website link: https://www.shein.co.uk/Return-Policy-a-281.html?msockid=10d423c4952b6c372de3367894546dc3)

There may be two situations when applying for a refund after using this coupon: 

1) If the actual order amount still meets the original discount threshold for the coupon you used, the refund amount will not be adjusted.

2) If the actual order amount does not meet the original discount threshold for the coupon you used, the refund amount will be adjusted. The adjusted refund amount may result in a reduction in the amount we compensate you or even no refund at all.

72 HOURS

Waiting client answer 72 hours

Thank you for kindly wait, My sincere apologies for that, I regret that I am unable to provide you with a satisfactory answer in regards to that matter. In order to better deal with your needs and resolved this issue accordingly, I will try to investigate this issue with our corresponding department regarding this issue, would you mind wait for 72 hours or less? we will get back to you again 😣️🙏️


Regarding your concern, I apologize because you have not yet receive your package. But do not worry, they will attempt the delivery of your package as soon as possible.

Regarding your concern, I've looked into the issue, and it seems that unfortunately, Due to the charter flight failure, the package take-off was delayed by 8 days. The affected packages have been posted with a track delay notice.

Regarding your concern, I've looked into the issue, and it seems that unfortunately, there may be a delay due to the package was delayed during transportation (First leg delay), and the system did not automatically send the email to you as the customer. 😣️🙏️

Regarding your concern, I've looked into the issue, and it seems that unfortunately, The first leg of the package was delayed, and the system did not automatically send the email to you as the customer. 😣️🙏️

But rest assured that, we will also verify with the logistics provider and inquire about the latest logistics updates to ensure smooth delivery for you.

Here I provide all the information about your order :

              Parcel number: C25013103917253
              Estimated Time of Arrival: 2025-02-05 - 2025-02-09
              Parcel status: Shipped
              logistics provider: Royal Mail
              Tracking number: OJ570012596GB
              Shipped time: 2025-02-01 21:58:23
              Official Website Link: https://www.royalmail.com/track-your-item#/tracking-results/OJ570012596GB

I've also requested them to update the tracking status of your package as soon as possible.

Pardon me but the quickshipping time 3-6business days doesn't include the weekends and public holiday, also it doesn't include the item processing yet, where before your package got shipped out, it still need processing within our warehouse for 1-3 days, therefore the estimated delivery time is between 2025-01-08 - 2025-01-13, we would greatly appreciated it if you are able to wait according to the estimated time 🙏️

Delay Delivery ETA+7

Regarding your concern, I've looked into the issue, and it seems that unfortunately, there may be quite a delay due to unexpected delay from the shipping company 😣️🙏️

Regarding your concern, I've looked into the issue, and it seems that unfortunately, there may be a delay due to the package was delayed during transportation (First leg delay), and the system did not automatically send the email to you as the customer. 😣️🙏️

Regarding your concern, I've looked into the issue, and it seems that unfortunately, The package was delayed during transit, and the you has been compensated 200 points by us 😣️🙏️

I understand that must be very frustrating for you

We know you're expecting to receive your order, and we are urging the shipping company to deliver it to you as quickly as possible.

But rest assured, we will verify with the logistics provider and inquire about the latest logistics updates to ensure smooth delivery for you.

Nevertheless, we would really appreciate if you are able to wait for your package arrival until the end of January 12, 2025 (Extended ETA from the shipping company), maximum or it can be earlier. 

However,  If the package has not reach your door by the end of the day, please contact us on the next day on January 13, 2025 we will surely take a responsibility for you regarding this order.

We understand your concern but as of right now we still need time to investigating this issue with the logistics. Nevertheless, we would really appreciate if you are able to wait for your package arrival until the end of January 3, 2025 (Extended ETA from the shipping company), maximum or it can be earlier. However,  If the package has not reach your door by the end of the day, please contact us on the next day on January 4, 2025 we will surely take a responsibility for you regarding this order.

We understand your concern ,but as of right now we still need time to investigating this issue with the logistics. Should there be no problem with your package you could expect them to be delivered maximum on 9th by end of the day, but should the package still not delivered by then, rest assured that we will take responsibility for this on the 10th🙏


misal udah test refund tapi cx marah2, bisa aja bales pake template “We sincerely apologize for the recent delay in your delivery. We completely understand how frustrating this can be. Please rest assured that we are actively working to improve our logistics to ensure faster and more reliable service


Delay Delivery ETA+8

Regarding your concern, I've looked into the issue, and it seems that unfortunately, there may be quite delay due to unexpected delay from the shipping company 😣️🙏️

Regarding your concern, I've looked into the issue, and it seems that unfortunately, there may be a delay due to the package was delayed during transportation (First leg delay), and the system did not automatically send the email to you as the customer. 😣️🙏️

Regarding your concern, I've looked into the issue, and it seems that unfortunately, The first leg of the package was delayed, and the system did not automatically send the email to you as the customer. 😣️🙏️

Regarding your concern, I've looked into the issue, and it seems that unfortunately, The package was delayed during transit, and you has been compensated 200 points by us 😣️🙏️

Regarding your concern, I've looked into the issue, and it seems that unfortunately, Due to the temporary cancellation of the flight, the package was delayed by 2 days to arrive at the destination airport. 😣️🙏️

I understand that must be very frustrating for you

We are sorry as there is also no update of the tracking status at the moment 🙏

Here is for the latest update of your package

Nevertheless, we would really appreciate if you are able to wait for your package arrival

I understand your concern. Since the package is delayed for a long time and you still doesn't receive the package, We are delighted to inform you that we have assisted in submitting a refund application for your package.

Here's the refund details:

Refund path: Original payment account
Total refund amount: GBP 80.53
Refund time frame:2-5Business Days

Usually, our company will complete the refund within 24H, but the time limit for you to finally receive the refund depends on the processing efficiency of the channel and the bank.

If you have any questions, you can consult us or contact the bank.
Thank you for shopping at SHEIN!

Yes since the package been delayed for too long, we are afraid that is has a high possibility that your package maybe lost, therefore as a token of apology we have process the refund for you regarding this issue, there is also chance that the package still be delivered to you though it's just a small chance, but should you still received the package anyway, it's no problem you can keep it and don't need to return it to us  ^^

Alright so we have policy for investigating your package if it has exceeded the delivery time, and if it's still within the investigating time then we cannot say that the package is lost yet since we are still investigating the issue, but for this case, it has exceeded the investigating time frame also and has no update from the logistics


DNR Refund failed

We deeply apologize for the current situation you are facing where your order is marked as delivered but you haven't received it. 

We see that this order has been delivered on your address and this is the address that registered in this order :

Name: Aleksandra  Stefanczuk
Address Line 1: 95 Grange Road, Bearley
City: Stratford-upon-Avon
Country/Region: United Kingdom
Telephone: 07308977169
Location: Warwickshire
Post/Zip Code: CV37 0SF
Address Type: 0

To avoid mistakes, please kindly check whether the shipping address is correct. And if the address is correct, please double-check your mailbox, front door, and building/the front desk of the apartment or ask your neighbours.

According to logistics feedback, your order was delivered successfully. Please check again to see if your neighbor or family member signed for it.

DNR refund success

Thank you for confirming. Since the package is marked as delivered but you still doesn't receive the package, We are delighted to inform you that we have assisted in submitting a refund application for your package with tracking number H023FA0883925781

Here's the refund details:

Refund path: Original payment account
Total refund amount: GBP 15.53
Refund time frame:4-6Business Days

Refund path: Wallet
Total refund amount: GBP 5.0
Refund time frame:24H

Usually, our company will complete the refund within 24H, but the time limit for you to finally receive the refund depends on the processing efficiency of the channel and bank. Please be patient.

If you have any questions, you can consult us or contact the bank.
Thank you for shopping at SHEIN!

DBNR Di CSP statusnya sudah "SIGNED" namun tidak konsisten dengan Official Website

I truly understand how it feels to be in your shoes. I sincerely apologize for the inconvenience occurred due to delivery issue.




